Day 2:

	As I started my walk through the forest I killed my first skeleton. Dreadful Creature.
	After a short while of crossing this god-forsaken desert I spotted a large Sandstone Tower.
	
	On my way towards the spire I came across a large ribcage that had to have been about 20 meters long. I'm glad I didn't meet it while it was still alive.
	
	I've made it to the steeple. It's only 3 meters wide and 3 meters deep, but it reaches up to the sky.
	The surrounding area around it's base has been flattened out.
	Who built this?
	How long has it been here?
	Questions I may never learn the answer to.
	Not seeing much else of interest I continued my journey North.
	
	The dunes are tall, the sun is harsh. I hope nightfall comes soon.
	
	After scaling a few of the dunes I found myself atop a large Pyriamid half buried by the wind and sand.
	As I tried to excavate the entrance I felt myself sapped of all my physical energy, so I elected to move on.
	Was this caused by the Pyramid? Or was it perhaps something inside that didn't want to be found?
	More Questions, No Answers. Time to keep moving.
	
	I killed a man. In my defense he attacked me first.
	I saw his Copper structure over the horizon and thought maybe he might have some answers for me.
	As I approached him, the pale skinned man pulled out an axe and started sprinting at me.
	I'm unharmed, perhaps I was lucky.
	I looked inside to see if he had anything of value to me.
	All I could find was some flint, copper, and a few feathers he had locked away in his attic.
	Maybe I can find a use for them later.
	
	As my journey North continues I wonder if this Desert will ever end.
	I came across a river-side Village. This being my fourth town left to ruin.
	This one wasn't uninhabited, from atop the hill I could see close to 15 people moving around so I moved in closer.
	After a few paces I realized, these weren't people. They were Zombies. Who could've thought such a thing existed.
	I better keep my distance.
	
	As I crossed the river, I jumped in throwing caution to the wind. I landed in a school of Mantarays.
	Such a docile creature.
	Maybe one day I can have one as a companion.
	
	As the sun sets on another day, I set up camp along the ocean's beach.
	I can't wait to find a colder climate.