Day 5
	
	I checked every building twice down at sea level and did not find the Town Hall.
	I saw a few objects that looked like buildings atop the tall cliff face.
	
	I dug into the cliff with my pickaxe and made my way up.
	
	I found the Town Hall. This town was called Fairview, below is the historical record of the town:


		Historic Record: Fairview

		10th day of Spring, Year 5, in the Age of Crafting:
		Looking out for a place to found our new settlement: Fairview, today, we stumbled upon a pristine Stony Shore. The land seemed untouched, ripe for settlement. With determination in our hearts, we began constructing our village, crafting shelters from the very earth and wood that surrounded us.

		18th day of Summer, Year 6, in the Age of Crafting:
		Our settlement flourished as travelers and merchants from distant lands brought news and goods. However, our prosperity attracted unwanted attention. Creatures of the night, zombies and skeletons, emerged from the darkened woods, threatening our safety.

		5th day of Winter, Year 7, in the Age of Crafting:
		Despite our efforts to fortify our village, the attacks persisted. Creepers prowled the perimeter, their hissing warnings a constant reminder of the danger we faced. With heavy hearts, we prepared for the inevitable.

		22nd day of Spring, Year 8, in the Age of Crafting:
		The final assault came with the rising of the blood moon. Waves of monsters descended upon our village, overwhelming our defenses. In the chaos, we were forced to flee, leaving behind our once-thriving home to the mercy of the mobs.

		Are you, valiant traveler, brave enough to pick up where we failed and rebuild Fairview to its former glory?

        
	
	I'm not sure what a "Blood Moon" is, but let's hope I never find out.
	I will continue my quest north in search of a land to call home.
	That doesn't have sand.
	
	I started Sailing without much thought. It's night now, and I cannot see the shoreline.
	Perhaps it's best I stop and wait until morning.
	I've never slept in a boat before, surely this cannot go poorly.